docs: single project changes (#2325)
unoplatform/uno.extensions: doc/Learn/Maui/ThirdParty-MauiCommunityToolkit.md

An existing sample app that showcases the controls is available [here](https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Samples/tree/master/UI/MauiEmbedding/MauiCommunityToolkitApp).

> [!NOTE]

> > MauiCommunityToolkitApp SDK for .NET is currently only compatible with Windows, Android, iOS, and Mac Catalyst when used with Uno Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> .NET Maui Community Toolkit is currently only compatible with Windows, Android, iOS, and Mac Catalyst when used with the Uno Platform.
```

## Getting Started

1. Create a new application using the `unoapp` template, enabling .NET MAUI Embedding. In this case, we're going to use the Blank template (`-preset blank`) and include .NET MAUI Embedding support (`-maui`).

    ```dotnetcli
    dotnet new unoapp -preset blank -maui -o MauiCommunityToolkitApp
    ```

> ### [Visual Studio](#tab/vs)

Reviewer: @Kunal22shah  @agneszitte same comment as https://github.com/unoplatform/uno.extensions/pull/2322#discussion_r1646279760

> [!NOTE]
> If you don't have the **Uno Platform Extension for Visual Studio** installed, follow [these instructions](xref:Uno.GetStarted.vs2022).

- Launch **Visual Studio** and click on **Create new project** on the Start Window. Alternatively, if you're already in Visual Studio, click **New, Project** from the **File** menu.

- Type `Uno Platform` in the search box

- Click **Uno Platform App**, then **Next**

- Name the project `MauiCommunityToolkitApp` and click **Create**

At this point you'll enter the **Uno Platform Template Wizard**, giving you options to customize the generated application.

- Select **Blank** in **Presets** selection

- Select the **Platforms** tab and unselect **Desktop** and **Web Assembly** platforms

- Select the **Features** tab and click on **.NET MAUI Embedding**

 Click **Create** to complete the wizard

The template will create a solution with a single cross-platform project, named `MauiCommunityToolkitApp`, ready to run.

For more information on all the template options, see [Using the Uno Platform Template](xref:Uno.GettingStarted.UsingWizard).

### [Command Line](#tab/cli)

> [!NOTE]

> > If you don't have the **Uno Platform dotnet new templates** installed, follow [dotnet new templates for Uno Platform](xref:Uno.GetStarted.dotnet-new).

Reviewer 2: Does this file already exist in the toc?

Create a new application using the `unoapp` template, enabling .NET MAUI Embedding. In this case, we're going to use the Blank template (`-preset blank`) and include .NET MAUI Embedding support (`-maui`).

```bash
dotnet new unoapp -preset blank -maui -platforms "android" -platforms "ios" -platforms "maccatalyst" -platforms "windows" -o MauiCommunityToolkitApp
```

This will create a new folder called **MauiCommunityToolkitApp** containing the new application.

---

> 1. Add a reference to the [MauiCommunityToolkitApp.Maui NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CommunityToolkit.Maui) to the MauiCommunityToolkitApp.MauiControls project.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Add a reference to the [CommunityToolkitApp.Maui NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CommunityToolkit.Maui) to the MauiCommunityToolkitApp.MauiControls project.
```

1. In the `AppBuilderExtensions` class, on `MauiCommunityToolkitApp.MauiControls` project, update the `UseMauiControls` extension method to call the `UseMauiCommunityToolkit` method.

    ```cs

>     using CommunityToolkitApp.Maui;

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    using CommunityToolkit.Maui;
```

>     using MauiCommunityToolkitApp.Maui;

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    using CommunityToolkitApp.Maui;
```

This should stay as `CommunityToolkit.Maui`, no? Since this is the reference to the actual [MAUI Community Toolkit NuGet Package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CommunityToolkit.Maui)

An existing sample app that showcases the controls is available [here](https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Samples/tree/master/UI/MauiEmbedding/MauiCommunityToolkitApp).

> [!NOTE]

> > For this sample you don't need to have a license, because it's just a demo and for development purposes.

Reviewer 4: @Kunal22shah No need for a license for .Net Maui Community Toolkit, you can remove this line.

                .UseMauiCommunityToolkit()
                .ConfigureFonts(fonts =>
                {
                    fonts.AddFont("Assets/Fonts/OpenSansRegular.ttf", "OpenSansRegular");
                    fonts.AddFont("Assets/Fonts/OpenSansSemibold.ttf", "OpenSansSemibold");
                });
    }

>     ```

Reviewer 2: Should be MauiCommunityToolkitApp.MauiControls

                .UseMauiCommunityToolkit()
                .ConfigureFonts(fonts =>
                {

>                     fonts.AddFont("MauiCommunityToolkitApp/Assets/Fonts/OpenSansRegular.ttf", "OpenSansRegular");
>                     fonts.AddFont("MauiCommunityToolkitApp/Assets/Fonts/OpenSansSemibold.ttf", "OpenSansSemibold");

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
                    fonts.AddFont("Assets/Fonts/OpenSansRegular.ttf", "OpenSansRegular");
                    fonts.AddFont("Assets/Fonts/OpenSansSemibold.ttf", "OpenSansSemibold");
```
